Add  to GHDL makefile to simulate different VHDL architectures from the top level (#3541)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/simulator_support.rst

Noteworthy is that despite GHDL being a VHDL simulator, it implements the :term:`VPI` interface.

> To specify a VHDL architecture to simulate, use the `$(ARCH)` make variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify a VHDL architecture to simulate, set the ``ARCH`` make variable to the architecture name.
```
